For Windows (Recommended):
In order to get the simulation to run, you will need Unreal Engine and Visual Studio. 
To start, open the folder where you unzipped our project in Visual Studio. You may have to 
install certain modules, but Visual Studio will prompt you for the necessary missing components.
Next, go to the folder where the unzipped files are and right click on “Bowling_Project”. 
Hit the “Generate Visual Studio Project Files button, and it should generate a file called “Bowling_Project.sln”. 
Go back to Visual Studio, in the Solution Explorer, hit “Switch between solutions and available views”. 
Double click on the Bowling_Project.sln file. Right click on the Bowling_Project file and click the build option. 
Finally, hit the green play button on the box near the top of the Visual Studio window, “Local Windows Debugger box”. 
This should open the project in Unreal Engine.

For MAC (Not Recommended): 
Mac requires MacOS Catalina 10.15.7 and XCode 12.4 to compile and run the project on Unreal 5.0 according to official 
Unreal Engine Documentation (this was developed and tested on a 2019 Macbook Pro running MacOS Monterey 12.6 and XCode version 14.2). 
First, unzip the zipped file containing the Unreal Project, which should produce a folder containing the UProject file and 
other folders needed. Second, move this file to where your Mac stores your Unreal Projects (for me, it was under my Documents, which was 
accessible by opening a Finder window and navigating to Documents/Unreal Projects). Then, open the Epic Games Launcher, 
launch Unreal Engine 5.1, and select our project level. You may be prompted to add missing modules. In this case, you should add the missing 
modules and it should relaunch the project. After it launches, it should load up the bowling level. However, as we have learned through this project, 
Unreal and Mac do not really play well together, so Evan (the Mac user) recommends using Windows to test our project.

Once the Simulation is open:
Hit the play button in the top of the window and click anywhere in the simulation window to gain control of the bowling ball. Input keys are as follows:
A/D - move the ball side to side
W/S - make the ball go faster and slower
Q/E - rotate the ball left and right
Up-arrow/Down-arrow - increase/decrease the mass of the ball
spacebar  - make the ball go
